Create sdk package (#213)
rond-authz/rond: sdk/README.md

# SDK

> The Rönd SDK is actually experimental and it could change with breaking changes without major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rönd SDK API is experimental and currently under heavy development; for this reason it could undergo breaking changes regardless of the rönd package version.
```
